Adding doc SlackApp (#16)
hmcts/slack-help-bot: README.md

# Slack help bot

Listens for new posts in a designated Slack channel and raises a coresponding request in Jira.

## Creating the Slack App 
<details>
  <summary>Steps</summary>

1. Create a new app in your workspace.

<img src="images/step1.png" width=50% height=50% />

> 2. Head to socket mode and enable it. You will then be asked to create a new token (call it **jira-integration**) This will only have **connections:write** in the scope. Select **Generate**. Make sure to write down the generated token as this will be required for the slack-help-bot configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Head to socket mode and enable it. You will then be asked to create a new token (call it **jira-integration**) This will only have **connections:write** in the scope. Select **Generate**. Copy the generated token as this will be required for the slack-help-bot configuration.
```

<img src="images/step2.png" width=50% height=50% />

3. Head to **Event subscriptions** and enable it. 

<img src="images/step3.png" width=50% height=50% />

4. Expand the **Subscribe to bot events** tab, add the following settings and save changes.

<img src="images/step4.png" width=50% height=50% />

5. Expand the **Subscribe to events on behalf of users** tab, add the following settings and save changes.

<img src="images/step5.png" width=50% height=50% />

6. Head to **Interactivity and shortcuts** and create a **Global** shortcut with the following settings and save changes. 

<img src="images/step6.png" width=50% height=50% />

7. Head to **Oauth and Permissions** and install the app to your workspace. Allow the app the default permissions. Copy the generated **Bot User OAuth Access Token** as this will be required for the slack-help-bot configuration. 

<img src="images/step7.png" width=50% height=50% />

> 8. Add the app in the channel where you would like it to be used. Make a note of the **channel ID** as this will later be required in the slack-help-bot configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Invite the app in the channel where you would like it to be used in Slack. Make a note of the **channel ID** as this will later be required in the slack-help-bot configuration. You can get the channel ID by right clicking, 'copy link', and then it will be the bit after archives in the url, e.g. `C01APTJAM7D`.
```

  * [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
  * [Docker](https://www.docker.com)

> You need to create a Slack App as required in the steps above and export the following values in your shell:

Reviewer: I think this section should be restructured, we just want people to use the .env file I think for developing, there's a number of variables related to jira that aren't mentioned below that are in the .env file

Author: Please check now for updates.
